We are going to build a forecasting application. It needs a front end. The front end is going to provide a user with the ability to load a file, or series of files, connect them via a GUI declaring keys, filters, join types, etc. After the user does whatever they need to do, then there should be an explicit data validation step. This data validation step should allow the user to see charts and graphs and aggregations of the data which would allow them to feel comfortable accepting the data joins as valid and that they are ready to model. If they say yes, then the data should be saved off somewhere in a format that it can be accessed by the modelling process later. Allow for persistent storage so the user can come back later. Once we get past data validation, the user is required to list out columns which are important -- what is considered a DFU (demand forecasting unit -- could be the concat of several columns), what is a forecasting period considered, how many periods should be forecasted, what is the lag of import for back testing, what is the period for back testing (this is important because the training set should only occur BEFORE the back testing window), what is the period for training, how many periods are required in training, how many in testing, what are the categorical feature columns, what are the numerical feature columns, what is to be forecasted/the truth, etc. etc. Once we have fully decided the forecasting temporal and back testing parameters, then we can move forward to model building. The user should be able to select algos first. Once the algos are selected, the user should be asked to select one or more hyper parameters from drop down lists (multi select). All of this part is considered model param building. The model params should be passed to a config file. The config file runs the forecasting. There should further be options for model competition and other important model parameters. Everything from model perspective should be written in python using autogluon. Consider all the important autogluon questions for forecasting we might need to ask to do a good job of this. Ask more questions as you have them. Let us build the markdown file for this first. 